test 1
1. 
in my opinion, the best choice for my holiday is going signtseeing.
this is because signtseeing is not just viewing; it is adventuring. this choice is very attractive for me because it give me the oppotunity travel to many place which have captivating view.  traveling can also so give me the fulfill enjoyment of my youthful year.
 additionally, sometime signtseeing for me is just sitting in some random place and spend hours to enjoy view and look back on my life.
the signseeing holiday is not just a simple holiday it is a way for me to heal my soul and relax my mind after the work .
2. 
at the present, mobile phone has become a useful tool at school for several reason
firstly, it is make the communication much more easier. because of it's advantage, mobile phone help people reduce time and money to make contact to eachother for a long distance. 
secondly, it can help student in studying by access to the internet. people can explore and find almost all document and information on the open source data. 
another benefit of using a mobile phone is that it is a usefull office tool. this is because it is portable and give us many utilities service and application. we can use it for many purpose like  job, entertainment or even daily routine.
lastly, it can give many people who finacially is poor have a chance to study and improve by themselve. 
to sum up, mobilephone is a useful tool in education. because of it benefit, we should carefully bring it to shool with some restrict rule to make the pros higher than cons

test 2
1. 
in my opinion, the best choice of  a new hobby is playing the piano. 
playing piano is a way to train your mind. indeed, it's enhance the cognitive abilities, including memory, attention and proplem-solving.
additionally, it can be a way for loosing stress. music, in general, has therapeutic effect and playing piano can be a form of stress relief.
however, you can improve health by practicing yoga as well , the choice is on you, health or cognitive abilities.
2.
visiting a foreign country is a valueable experience for people for several reasons.
firsly, traveling to other coutnry can help us meet and make friend with a lot of people. this may give us the oppotunities the expand our social relationship and sometime, if you lucky, it may help you in your buisness.
secondly, you will gain experience from visiting to a foreign country. those experience may come up when you participate in some cultural activities. 
another reason is that visiting is not only traveling, it also a way to refesh themselve after a long period of work. everyone have to work, sometime it will be very stressfull so that travel and visit a foreign country is just a way for them to make stress relief.
lastly, it can broaden your perspective. different country will expose different culture so that it help individual understand and appreciate different worldviews.
to sumup, people, especially teenage should travel to enjoy those value experience to fullfill there youth.

test 3
1.
in my opinion, the best choice is go to eat something. choosing to go to eat provide a relaxed and social setting  where friends can enjoy good foods and engage in conversation. an interactive atmosphere can connect and strengthen our friendship. additionally, going to eat offer the flexibility to explore difference cuisine or try new restaurant, adding an element of novelty to the hangout
going to eat something seem to be an enjoyable choice for a group of friend to spend quality time together during there freetime
2.
online learning is beneficial to students for several reasons.
firstly, it is convinient for everyone. leaning onlline mean that you don't have to go to the paticular place to study, this will save  a lot of time and money for student.
secondly, most of the course or lesson on the internet is inexpensive. anyone with a small pocket still have the oppotunity to participate in some online course. 
another benefit of studying online is it offer fascinating lesson. the competition of making onlline lesson make the people who create it have to increase the quality of there lesson with an affordable price. this make most of the lessons now you find on the internet is value. 
the last benefit is that it will increase the independence and responsibility, learning onlline, most mean learning alone, with noone force you to study there are no fire under your foots.so you have to adapt to study alone and become indepence
to sum up, onlline leanrning is a now becoming world trend for studying. student should adapt and combine with traditional learning method to have the best result
